One, two, three.
[music]
Quack quack quack quack
quack quack
quack quack.
>> [music]
>> Black
meow.
Quackow
quack quack
quack
quack quack quack quack.
[music]
Oh yeah.
I
quack
quack quack quack quack ow
quack.
Quackh.
[music]
Oh no.
Oack
quack.
Quack
quack quack quack All
right, y'all. We are live on this
beautiful [music] Wednesday or or
actually it's a Thursday. Who even knows
who even cares anymore guys what day it
is. God bless everyone.
I do pray you and your family are super
blessed as it looks like this Bitcoin
trade from yesterday guys
is absolutely on fire. In fact, it looks
like the key level we were looking to
flip 62.5 has been flipped
and we are above the range PC, which
means honestly I do have to say I I feel
like we could get the move up to 67.
I feel like we could get the move up to
67.
We're up right now 23 + 11 almost 12.
We're up 35K almost, man. We're up 35K
on the juicy long. We're up another What
are we up another another 23K
plus 13K? My goodness. I can't even
believe this, guys. We're up like 70K on
these longs, man. That's insane. That
really is insane. Honestly, I'm not
going to lie. That's pretty crazy, man.
This such boring markets, you know? It
is strange because honestly like I'm at
a strange point in my trading career
where I've like not been trading a lot
at all and I haven't really been focused
on trading at all and yet I've been
making more money than ever. I guess
I've just hit that level. Slow swing
trades with a lot of money on them.
Raking in those gains, man. But yeah,
these markets have been boring as heck.
I'm not going to lie to you. They have
not been exciting. They've not been fun.
It's not been sensational. It's been
boring. All right, but we got to do what
we got to do anyway, which is dive into
the charts every single day and analyze
and analyze and look for that next place
to take the profits. Look for that next
place to make the money. Look for that
next place
for things to get juicy, baby, on the
treadmill. You know what I'm talking
about? It's getting juicy on the
treadmill just smacking you in the face.
All right, we got to give a big shout to
everybody in chat. First of all, shout
out to 20 Yeshu. Love from India. Love
right back at you. Shout out to Chris
Johnson. Where is everyone? They're
gone, man. Everyone's gone. All right.
This space, this space is struggling,
man. You talk to every crypto YouTuber
out there except maybe Tino from Trader
Reality. That's cuz he's he's got the
power to cross over into those other
markets there. But everyone's channel is
pretty much at a standstill.
So, it's just us, guys. It's just us
here in the bare market. But don't
worry, we'll be back, baby. We'll be
back. Shout out to Salty Ta. God bless
you, Salty. Shout out to Bojan 9168. He
says, "The man, the myth, the legend."
You know what, boy? I think you're the
man, the myth, and the legend. Shout out
to Treel for you. He says, "I'm 20
minutes late." Shout out to Rookie Anoan
Countdown. You mean the daily red dot,
my friend? [music] We're going to dive
into the charts. Don't worry. Don't
worry. Shout out to Joanie HSV. Shout
out to Boomdock Saint. Shout out to Bart
Zet. Dang, man. I'm sorry that happened
to you, bro. Shout out to Liver
Strangled Land. Please take a look at
Rectcoin. You're 50x from here. Really?
All right. What? What the You know what?
What the heck? Why don't we take a look
at Rectcoin? Shout out to Flashmax.
Shout out to Trader Gio. Shout out to
Jake Ox. Greetings from PH.
Shout out to Felix H.
What entry confirmation did I have to
add to this long trade? Uh, just feeling
kind of bullish, man. I saw a green
candle and I asked the chat if I should
add and they said yes. All right, that's
literally what happened. That's
literally what happened.
Yeah, only the real OG crypto bros in
here. All right, Andy Bigman, he says,
"Viner out." Shout out to GoPro ADR642.
What's up, bro? My first message on this
chat. Been watching in the shadows since
the past two years. Well, God bless you,
man. Welcome to the chat. I appreciate
you. Can we check Soul? Yeah, we could
check Soul. We could check WCT. Shout
out to Trader Gio. Go subscribe to him.
Go watch all his live stream. Do you
even live stream anymore, Trader Joe? I
don't know. Trader Joe's the man. Shout
out to Bullshan Parade.
He says, "Praise God. Let's look at the
four hours." Jason is long. Short it
says Powell. I hope this isn't Jerome
Powell back here now that you're fired
from the Federal Reserve. And Kevin
Armstrong W.
Kevin Armstrong Walsh is now the new Fed
chair. I hope you're not here to cause
problems, Drone Powell, cuz I know me
and you had we had some good times back
in the day. Looks like Jerome Powell's
in here. Changed his name to Powell.
D5PH trying to trying to mess with my
trades, baby. Shout out to Investment
Time and Crypto Coons holding it down
with the wrench.
Uh yeah.
All right. You did stream today. All
right, guys. Go check out Trader Gio,
man. Go watch his live streams. All
right, go subscribe to his channel. All
right, he's one of the realest.
Um,
he's one of the realest. Shout out to
Not Quicker. Shout out to Jonathan
Martin 1404.
Um, and Al Pacino and Up to Hill.
Yeah. All right. All right. [music]
Christopher Mun, may God bless you, bro.
God bless you, man. Uh, Jerome Pal, he
knows he's got caught. He's laughing,
man. Your laughter gives it away, my
bro. It is Jerome Powell in the chat. I
know. Look, me and Jerome Powell. We've
had we we've had a thing going on. Jose
misses Jerome.
Jeron Nemo Pow. Yeah, I miss him too.
Kevin W is just really hard. It's really
hard for me to wrap my mind around this
new Federal Reserve chairman.
But you know what's really not hard to
wrap? My blowfin pure gold chain. You
know, this is easy to wrap around the
neck here.
Man, what a baller. What a baller. Look
at this.
What a baller. Jay Casper, man.
Seriously, man. When I look at myself,
all I think is, man, that guy is cool.
That guy is so cool. What a baller. I
mean, look at the Look at that Lambo in
the back. You see that?
You see that Lambo in the back, man?
That's how you can tell I'm a real one
and not just a YouTube faker out here.
You know what I'm saying?
What happened to my girlfriend Wanita?
Well, here's the thing. I promised
Wanita that Bitcoin was up only and she
wasn't having it. All right, she wasn't
having it. [music] Trader Gio streamed
the past two days.
Uh, man, you know what?
I better check them out. I better check
out his streams in hindsight. Ain't
nothing like a Trader Gio stream in
hindsight. You know what I'm saying? I
watch Trader Gio's content like mad
late. Mad late. He'll do an urgent
update. I'll watch it like 3 weeks
later. You know, I'm I'm that guy. I'm
that guy. Trader Joe hitting the like
button 3 weeks later. All right. All
right. All right. Well, you know, as
promised, let's check out Wreckedcoin
before we get into some real analysis
here. He said, "I'm just I'm 50x
leverage. I'm 50x leverage right now on
Reactcoin."
He just entered now. Okay. All right.
So, let's see. We're up on the day. You
entered now. Oh my goodness. Could work
out for you. We're up in the since June.
Uh we're up 100%. All right, we're up
100%. Wow. Uh all right, let's zoom out
of Rectcoin. Well, it has lived up to
its name in the past. 100x leverage, 50x
leverage. That means if it goes down 2%,
you're you're liquidated. Let's see
here. If it goes down
to right here,
let's get our little
right around here.
You're liquidated, man. I mean, really,
it's more than this. It's probably if it
goes down to right around here, you're
liquidated. So, let's go to the
12-minute chart and see what has to
happen here.
Yeah. So, you you're you're liquidated
if it comes down to here, bro. Okay.
Look, he says it's an easy gain. Maybe
it is. I'm not the kind of guy that
likes to long after a 100% pump because
usually that means we get the 2%
correction as soon as I long it. Let's
put on good old market cipher B. Wow.
Bullish divergence is out the woo. Weak
time frame. A nice big bottom.
I like the bottoms nice and big on the
weekly time frame. Support resistance
flip. If we do break this, we could have
some follow through. All right, cool.
All right, man. Now, let's talk about
our beloved
BTC.
First of [music] all, the elephant in
the room, which I know everyone's
thinking about, is the red dot on the
daily time frame. All right, the RD on
the D. You got the red dot on the D. All
right, it's always a bad thing when
there's a red dot on the D. All right,
but you know what? This red dot on the D
looks a little bit benign. I'll tell you
why this red dot might not be a big
deal. Usually you got a red dot on the
D.
It's bad. I mean, look at the red dot we
had on the D last time. You know, this
this takes us all the way back to May
2026. We got a red dot on the D. You
know, we ignored it. [laughter]
Shouldn't have ignored it cuz look, bam.
All right, that happened right over here
on May 14th. May 14th was the day that
we shorted it in the Casper crew.
[music]
on May 14th in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord. We took a short trade and
locked in the juiciest $65,000
profit on it. Big shout out to the
Casper Crew VIP Discord at Jason
Caspertrading.com.
All right, we were prepared for the red
dot on the D back then. I'll tell you
why I'm not necessarily feeling that
bearish about this red dot on the D.
I don't necessarily feel like this looks
that bearish. You know, it's kind of a
flat top here. RSIs are kind of spread.
I feel like we could have some room to
the upside. I feel like we could play a
game of red dot, green dot. I feel like
we might not even confirm this red dot
depending on what happens here.
I say that because weekly time frame is
very bottomed out. 6 day time frame is
printing a green dot. 5day time frame is
printing a green dot. 4 day time frame
has confirmed a bullish divergence.
All right, the 4hour time frame here.
Let's take a look at the 4hour time
frame. Look at the money flow. It is
continuing to thicken as we are printing
a
trigger wave right here on the 4 hour.
Now remember my thesis for us coming
back to the top of the range around
$70,000 is the fact that number one we
formed a nice bottom. All right, we
formed a nice bottom.
Bottom is nice. Why is the bottom nice?
Because as we come down we see deep
momentum, shallow momentum,
money flow getting higher. Not only
that, we look at the whole range from
the whole month of June, guys. Money
flow getting higher, momentum getting
higher as we are coming down and testing
this. This is a very key support at
$57.7,000.
This is the macro Fibonacci 618 from the
bare market bottom to the bull market
top.
And not only that, but after this, we
get a move back inside area low. Clean
confirmation.
We got a move above the PC and yesterday
we tried to come down.
We tried to come down, but here's what
we didn't do. It's very interesting. I
was I was saying all day yesterday
during my live stream yesterday, I'm
like, "Look y'all, look, for me, if we
reclaim 62.5,
that is going to be bullish for me.
That's going to be bullish for me." And
so, here we are reclaiming 62.5.
I understand there's a red dot on the
daily, but even the 1 hour money flow
looks like it's about to cross. The 36
money flow, the 24-minute money flow
curving from purple into blue. And not
only that, but we we did back test a
pretty significant level here. I mean,
look, 62.5.
This was the level yesterday. Yesterday,
we were down here. I'm like, if we can't
reclaim 625, I expect we're coming down
to 60K. If we reclaim 62.5, I expect we
could potentially go up to 67K. And and
that's what we're doing right now. All
right. Now, could Jason Casper be an
absolute fool and an idiot? Yeah, I
could. Let's talk about a bearish
scenario here. The bearish scenario is
this. We have a red dot. We're forming
liquidity up here. We have 1 2 three
lower highs. All right. So, let's say
New York closes. We're chopping around
this range, right? We come down. We take
this liquidity here. We come up. We take
this liquidity here. We get some really
bearish divs. And then we just drop it.
That's a real total real possibility.
Okay, it's a totally real possibility.
Something like this is absolutely a real
possibility. And so you might say,
"Well, Jay, I mean, you didn't tell us
anything. You just said you're bullish,
but it could dump. I mean, that doesn't
give me a trade." Of course, it doesn't
give you a trade, [music]
right? This is how I'm managing my open
trades right now. Right now, I'm long,
hoping for higher. All right, cuz we've
already locked in $23,000 on this trade.
We already took the long been long since
June 25th in the Casper crew. We've
already locked in tens of thousands of
dollars on these trades. So for me right
now, it's totally fine for me to keep my
bullish bias and say, you know what,
these trades, I'm going to keep them
open. I'm going to see what I can get
from them.
I'm going to see what the market can
give me. Right now, if I was looking for
a new trade, here's where I'd be looking
for a brand new trade.
The fact that we're forming a little bit
of a range right here. All right, let's
go down to the 12minut time frame.
All right, [music] let's go to the
12-minut time frame. I mean, this is
quite beautiful. I mean, really, this is
beautiful. Is this not beautiful? We
have the PC as resistance, higher low,
higher high, PC as support. I mean, this
is this is a really nice looking kind of
chunk of price action right here, you
know. But I would say this, we have
ourselves a local range to be trading
here. Okay, [music]
if I was looking for freshies right now,
I would be interested in potentially
trading this as a mini scalping range.
Okay,
goodness. MY GOODNESS. BITCOIN'S
BREAKING OUT. BREAKING NEWS.
Oh wow. Oh my goodness.
Relax. Calm down, Jason. Deep breath in
the plunger.
$14,400.
Oh man, the euphoria. Wait until I tell
my wife our house isn't GOING TO GET
FORECLOSED ON. She's going to be so
happy. Oh my goodness, man. I knew this
high leverage trade was going to PLAY
OUT. OH MY WOW. CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS
PUMP, GUYS? Oh my goodness. This is the
moment I've been waiting for for the
past 17 years, waiting for Bitcoin to
make a move live on the internet. Here
we go, baby. Oh my goodness. Wow. This
is what euphoria feels like.
This is what euphoria feels like guys.
Now honestly the thing is if we lose
this level here yeah if we have bearish
divergences that's the reality right we
lose this green line now look at this
we've taken the liquidity and we do have
bearish divergences here money flow
getting lower as well. So let's hope we
don't do that. Let's hope we don't do
that honestly. [music]
You know let's hope we don't do that.
But we we probably will. Let's be
honest. We probably will. We probably
will. And if we do, we're probably
coming back down to the bottom of the
range. And it'll probably be something
like this. All right. It would probably
be something like this.
And then probably something like this.
And then maybe we I mean, you know,
honestly, assuming that we do hold this
support resistance flip, then maybe we
actually could get a move up, right? But
let's see what happens here. Wow. Look
at this, man. This is crazy. That's
amazing. That's amazing.
I know, right? We need a Lambo, man.
Yeah, we're about to eat, man. I'm
taking you all out for a steak dinner
right now.
I'm taking you all guys out for a steak
dinner tonight, man. We're all eating
flet mcnan tonight, baby. Man, [music]
let me take a screenshot just so Twitter
knows I could have made this much money.
You know what I'm saying?
All right. Wow. Look at this crazy pump.
My goodness. Look at this craziness. My
goodness.
My goodness. Would you look at this
craziness?
Yeah.
Let's check out orderflow. What happened
on that
man? Every day. Big shout out to Market
Monkey. Every day. Every day they're
coming out with new new versions.
Wow. So, yeah. Lots of long direct on
that one.
Let's see.
Let's see. We want I want my net longs,
my net shorts.
Do they have that?
I don't know if they have net longs and
net shorts. They have net positioning.
Let me see here. I know they have to
have it somewhere.
I'll have to find it later.
I'll have to find it later. All right.
But yeah, this is kind of a squeeze so
far because we have a big decrease of
open interest. 679
million volume decrease of open
interest. So far, we got shorts
squeezing. Let's see if we can't get
some buyers to step in here. So far
though, we're not losing the level,
which is nice so far. But, you know, you
got to wait. You got to play the game.
You got to wait. You got to play the
game cuz things don't stay the same. The
price action always changing, you know.
You got to wait. You got to play the
game.
You've got to wait. You got to play that
game,
man.
You haven't had a stake in months. I
haven't either. I've been I've been so
locked in with my diet. I eat the same
thing every day at the same time every
day.
So, I've literally only been eating
mackerel fish,
ground beef,
lean ground beef with organs mixed in
it, and eggs. That's pretty much been
the only three sources of protein for me
for the past since April. Really? No
chicken?
No chicken. Just eggs, beef, organs, and
mackerel fish, you know. I'm locked in.
I'm so locked in.
So, but yeah. Um,
haven't had steak in a while. Made steak
for my wife. Didn't have it. Didn't have
it,
you know. All right. Wow. Here we go.
Straight to 100K, baby. Please rip the
shorts. Yeah, we could. You know when am
I going to trade NASDAQ? I should trade
NASDAQ, honestly. Can you trade NASDAQ
on Bitbase?
Do they have NASDAQ? I don't think they
do. I don't think they have the indexes
on here.
No, they don't. But um
but they do have a lot of stocks on here
and they have gold and silver,
Tesla, all that good stuff. Just a quick
reminder, guys, right now this new
exchange I'm on, Bitbase. All right,
they're giving away $500 a week. They
have low fees, VIP 7 level fees, no KYC,
no VPN necessary. $500 every week I give
away plus $33,000 signup bonus and all
this good stuff. All right, I'm also
trading on KSEX. Lowest fees period over
on KSEX, guys. It's pretty crazy. 0%
market order. 0.01% market order. And
I'm trading on Antarctic. If you want to
join the Casper crew where we give the
trades in advance and let people know
when we're trading them, you can go to
jasonencrading.com.
All right. Um, okay. So, here's the
deal, guys. We lose this green line
and Bitcoin's taking a massive dump
right now cuz we have the bearish
divergences out the wazoo.
24-minut bearish divm bearish div. 6
minute money flow coming out like a
crazy lady running through the desert
with a laundry basket on her head
looking strangely like Janet yelling.
Let's check out our 3minut.
Even the three minute. Look at the money
flow on the 3minut man. Oh my goodness.
Looks bearish as all get out. Oh my
goodness. We lose that line and it's
over. We lose the green line and it's
over. All right. Let's type it in so we
know. Lose this and it's over.
Man. Oh man. I'm getting scared right
now. I'm legitimately freaking out. My
palms are sweaty.
My knees are weak.
My arms are heavy. I feel like I'm on a
treadmill after a full body workout.
That's how I really feel. Oh no. We also
hit the golden pocket, says Trader Gio.
It's over, man. We're cooked. We're
cooked.
We thought we were eating steak. We
thought [laughter] we were We thought we
were cooking steak, but we were really
COOKING OURSELVES.
WE THOUGHT WE were cooking steak, but
we're really cooking ourselves. Oh, Miss
Moachos and Lacosina, we are cooking
today. Miss Moachos
Cor,
the chart you just opened, was that Exo
Charts? No, it was Market Monkey.
It was Market Monkey. Yeah. What do I
mean? Bitbase get 3 32 grand. Here's
what I mean. All right. [music]
You can claim up to $32,000.
There's a $1,500 signup bonus, 20% cash
back up to $2,000 bonus, plus a trading
volume bonus up to $30,000. That's what
I mean. That's what I mean. It's a new
user mega event. But I'd say more than
the new user mega event
is the just the fact that they're giving
away $500 a week. So, like you don't
even have to trade in the dang exchange.
You just sit there and wait and
eventually you'll have $500 to trade
with. Plus, the fees are low. No VPN, no
KYC.
I've had no issues filling large market
orders on this exchange,
you know. [music] So,
million over a million dollars easy. No
slippage,
you know. They got the liquidity and all
that stuff. So, it looks like we're
we're cooked. We're cooked in the
kitchen. Trader Joe,
let's see if this whole little schematic
doesn't play out. But here's the thing.
Money flow keeping me optimistic.
Money flow keeping me optimistic, baby.
You know, uh, you're in a short scalp
from
Who's in a short scalp? Someone's in a
short scalp. Soul sight. Short scalp
from 63 620.
Wow. You caught the top, man.
Wait a second. We didn't hit that high
yet. Oh, you're looking for a scalp a
little bit higher. Okay. What's that?
The uh the dang uh 786.
No, I don't know. I don't know what that
is. All right. Maybe you got a scalp
from there. That would be cool.
Captain Amigo.
Shout out to Sam Bar Ferger. He says,
"Excellent Thursday." It is an excellent
Thursday, isn't it? Uh [music] yeah,
this is straight manipulation, baby. Are
we short? I'm not shorting it now. I'm
not shorting it now. I didn't have a
plan. I did not have a plan to short
this. I was formulating a plan to get a
CDW here after market closed. I mean,
look at this one minute candle. That's
the most ridiculous thing.
The only way I have a valid short entry
here is if we lose the line at 63206.
Until then, it's aggressive. You could
take it if you want. I'm not I'm not
I've been just swing trading lately.
Um,
time to short. When you're being
optimistic, do you put more emphasis on
the opi or the mystic?
Um, definitely on the on the opi.
Shout out to Mac, Tommy Tom. Nice day to
short chicken pattern. Yeah, I mean, if
we get a chicken pattern, we don't have
a chicken pattern yet, guys. We don't
have a chicone pattern yet, but if we
do, we could do something like this. We
could do something like this. Or,
honestly, what I feel is probably more
likely
cuz I am bullish, is we do something
like this.
Right. Let's let's remove this yellow
tool drawing here. Let's go ahead and
just do this here.
Zoop sloop. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Look at
this. We come down. We bounce from the
point of control. We come up. [music]
Cuz look at the money flow. You know,
look at look at the curvature. Where's
the curvature? Where's the curvature?
It's right here. I'll show you the dang
curvature. People always ask me, Jay,
where's the curvature? I'll show you the
dang curvature.
It's [music] right here. You guys see
this on the bottom?
You know, that's where the that's where
the curvature is. Flat smack. People
always ask me, "Where's the curvature?"
You know, flat smack is right here, bro.
It's on market cipher B. People looking
in the wrong places for the curvature,
you know. Um,
Trader Gio says, "That's the smallest
one minute candle in the bull market. I
missed the bull market. I'm so sorry. I
ever wish for the bare market." Well,
here's the thing, Trader Joe. I feel
you. I feel you, man. But you know what?
[music] We're We weren't ready for what
happened. All right. We we missed the
bare market because because
last bare market was so so good. I mean
last bare market was so full of optimism
and hope for another massive pump
altcoin season. Like the last bare
market was so awesome. You know people
locking in becoming good traders
communities growing excited building our
portfolios. You know what I'm saying?
[music] But then the bull market we
never even got the euphoria. We we never
even we never even had our grandmas
buying Bitcoin at the top. Only our
parents, not our grandparents. That's
the thing. It has to go two generations
before there's real euphoria in the
market. It only went up one generation.
All right, the baby boomers only. The
greatest generation
didn't buy. My grandfather, no joke, my
grandfather in 2021, all right, in his
90s, bought Ethereum at the top. Okay.
This time my grandfather did not buy
Ethereum at at the top. This time he did
not. All right. He's still hodling from
2021, baby. You know, same with my same
with my dad. Actually, my baby boomer
dad. Shout out to him. You know, he
bought at the top too last time.
But this time, no. You know, we didn't
have that hype, you know. Now, I don't
leave my house very often,
you know, but I used to leave my house
and people talk to me about Bitcoin.
These days, no. Look at this. We're
rejecting. We're losing the level. Big
short, no die. Big short, no dive. We're
about to get a about to get a red dot on
the 6-minute about to confirm the
nastiest divergence I've ever seen in my
life. The bull market's over. This one
minute bull market is over, baby. I
should probably take profit on the long
trade and open up a short.
Oh, man. And why do people say the
N-word when they say curvature?
Why do people say the N word when they
say curvature? Feel like there's a joke
in there that I'm too dumb.
Yeah, you found the curvature. Yeah, you
just got to use a fisheye lens. I feel
you, man. I feel you on that one. Save
the bush. We're peeing in the bush,
guys. My dad is 80 and 50% of his net
worth is in micro strategy. That's
interesting.
You know, it's funny. People say when
you're old, you shouldn't invest in
high-risisk assets because you don't
have time to recover. But I look at it a
different way. I remember thinking I
remember asking my grandpa, why don't
you just go start getting your face
tattooed and like whatever the heck you
want. [music] Why not try heroin? Of
course, you know, I had a little bit of
a different mindset back in those days
when I asked him that. You can't you got
to figure I mean, look, you don't have
time to recover, but you know, look, if
it goes right in a short amount of time,
well, that's kind of all you got. Short
amount of time. You know what I'm
saying? I mean, not to be morbid, but if
you're in your, you know, 80s, 90s, I
mean, statistically speaking, how much
more time you got? You know, might as
well go big or go home. You know what
I'm saying? It's ride or die.
It's ride or die. How often do I wash my
hands? This is a great question.
Looks like we're we're we're freaking
out here. Looks like the computer's
freaking out here. How often do I wash
my hands? To be honest with you, I I
wash my hands all the time.
all the time, especially before I eat
food or prepare food. I'm a very cleanly
person in some aspects and other aspects
I'm I'm a filthy animal. Filthy animal
in some aspects. I'll tell you, you
know, right now I am filthy. I am
disgusting right now. You know, like my
wife, she she won't hug me right now.
She won't she won't come near me right
now. Honestly, [music]
she won't come near me right now.
But uh yeah, after I pee in a bush, I
never wash my hands, you know. Um
yeah, ride or die, baby. It's ride or
die. Actually, this this might actually
turn out kind of nice. I feel like we
should listen to Ride or Die [music]
real quick. I know it's everyone's
favorite song.
It's everyone's favorite song.
Ride or die. Aiming for the sky. House
for my family. Lose it all. Goodbye. R
[music] gets no glory. [singing] This is
my life. This is my story. I [music]
[singing] climb to life.
We need all our
but I'll never hide. Fibonacci [music]
chasing 618 momentum wave rising I can't
hesitate [singing] green dot circle
flashing [music] money flow in sight
lever set heavy I'm prepared for the
fight trigger wave forming I can see the
sign [music and singing] risking it all
on this chart I line die trying fail but
if I win no guts no glory LET THE CYCLE
BEGIN TO die [music] aiming for the sky
for my fame or I'll lose it all goodbye
for the No gust, no glory. This is my
life. This is my story.
I'll
fly. [music] Win it all.
>> Stacking up positions, compounding
[music] every phase. BTC to eat. Soul to
brighter days. Stark on the breakout.
Link taking flight. ARB and PI moving
[music] stars in the night. Charts like
a war zone. No weapons to trade.
Eviction or mansion. The choice of
[music]
jobless or king in the end.
>> It's over, guys. It's over.
>> We're We're dumping, baby. We're going
to dump, baby.
>> I better short this.
Pressure on heavy liquidation close but
diamonds are born when the fire explodes
momentum is a screaming I won't hesitate
charts writing destiny can't be late
block the wave cycles I'm locked on the
line the scandals my life my faith in
the side they're trying with honor or
rise to [music] the throne watch Jason
Casper The chart is my homeper
shines.
I'll hold this fight. One shot, one
dream. I'll get it right.
Glory.
2.
[music]
Oh, snap on the chart, baby. Let me take
a seat. What do I see? But the upside
down cheeks. [music]
Oh my goodness. Dolores upside down.
when I was smiling, but now your boy got
to frown cuz it's a J Cash. We're in the
house. [music] We're trading Bitcoin for
the Bitcoin bounce. And oh snap, we got
to take a peek. Market. What do we see?
Uneven. Oh man, the 6 minute time frame.
Look [music] at that money flow straight
up insane. Price getting higher through
the golden pocket. Now we're dumping
down. Baby, can you even start to spot
it? Cuz the blue money flow [music]
turning to the per big daddy per trying
to give you the her. He poke you with
his dick. He does it real quick. The
next thing you know, he's acting so dang
slick. Got the big juicy blue pumping
up. Coughing in the cup. [music] Jake
Casper on the treadmill acting tough,
but he's had enough. This is so rough.
Got to hit the short button, baby. Like
the short bus. Jay Casper rides the
short [music] bus to school. He's on the
treadmill. They call him a fool. Oh my
goodness, we're just getting started.
But Jay rides [music] a short bus. Is he
[__] Heck no. I'm so smart. Don't
be a fool. Sit back, relax. I'mma take
you [music] to the trading school. I'mma
show you how to eat the crew. Lentils
and rice. Got the beans in the school.
Got the beans. Got to fart. Got a fart.
Got [music] a dump. Bitcoin yesterday.
What's the day above? Talking about the
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. You're the
weekend [music] coming out my way. Yeah.
Ride or die. Do it my way. Burger King
like Frankie said the skyway [music] up.
We take the elevator down. Oh my
goodness. Am I about to turn around?
Trades in [music] the red 0.7.
Hopefully we don't pump up to heaven.
About to take the [music] profit. Coming
back down. 50k on the train around. Look
at this. $500,000.
If you're feeling bullish, let me hear
you holler. 13k15.
I'mma tell you if you know what I mean.
[music]
Uh now here we go. This the plan. We
back test the level. Goodness in the
sand. I can't believe I shorted. And now
we start the pump. Markers me with my
heart. Now we don't dunk. [music] I'm
trying to take the short. I tried the
long baby then I get horse. I flop and
broke. Should I reverse the trade? Oh
[music] my goodness. I'm feeling so much
pain.
We're in the garden with the spade. Blue
candle pumping up. It's over, babe. Oh
man, we lose it, then it's over. But
Jason Casper's [music] face turning blue
just like Grover. But sit back, relax,
trust the indicator. We'll have to come
back [music] to the chart later. I'm
telling you, if this confirms, we about
to make all the bulls squirm cuz we'll
dump [music] back down to the GP.
Talking about 62.78.
Yeah, 70 [music and singing] cents. the
Bitcoin price lose it and then we hop
the fence to the VH to the V. We [music]
want to see the Bitcoin price dump down
to hell. Uh man, I'mma tell you how I
fell. Hopefully we don't trade and drive
arrest [singing] and go to jail. Uh
[music]
yeah. Uh
yeah. Uh yeah. Uh yeah. Uh uh uh uh uh
uh. Yeah.
Man, that's so funny.
Man, this this beat does get me hyped
though.
This beat does get me pretty hyped.
Uh, where is that? Oh, yeah. Over here.
Over here. One second.
Man, we're in the red.
All right.
Oh no,
I just close out the the thing here.
[music]
Let's see what happens here, guys.
Um,
why does that monkey got a gun? I don't
know. That's a good question, Dave
Digital. That is a good question.
Oh, it's a Republican monkey. That's why
it says mm delegate. Yeah, it's a
Republican monkey.
Arts at 63565. Limit short entry. All
right, fine. I I'll play your game. I'll
play your game, bro. I'll play your dang
game.
All right, I'll play your game.
All right, we'll get rid of the stop
loss. We'll put our stop loss at 85,000.
All right,
>> there we go. [music] I'll play your
game, bro. I see what you did there. I
see what you're doing there. I see what
you did, man. Big shout out to Magulis
for the super pair. Cool guy. That's
awesome, man. You long before I shorted
my 1K is now mine. Shout out to Amy
Lenil. Well, dang, that sucks.
All
right, let's see. Look, we we got a we
got a bear div here on the six-minute
confirmed. Money flow coming out. All
right, bear div confirmed. Money flow
coming out. 12minute red dots going to
dump us down, baby. 12minute red dots
going to dump us down. Jay, should news
driven buys override price action? I'm
not the person to ask that. I don't pay
attention to the news, honestly. But we
have to see cuz look, I'm in the red.
All right, this is big deal here. We're
down 250 bucks. All right, our stop loss
is going to if we get stopped out, we're
going to lose $85,000. We're risking
$85,000 on this trade, guys. This is a
real make it or break it deal.
All right, the table's wet from sweat.
This is disgusting. This is literally
gross. This is disgusting.
Um,
okay.
Yeah, this is gross, man.
Um,
okay. Okay. All right. All right. All
right, guys. Well, here's the thing. Um,
some of you might know this, but when I
signed up to uh become a uh crypto
trader YouTuber, they said if the trade
goes against me, I need to end the
stream immediately.